And then curiously we cameathi his majesty...
and his house.
That's what Ushimu said.
And the uyulu girl
was a good girl.
Now let us know.
The day after iconãŒ
Mayu Riki
Please go see her impression...
so i could give a goodbalt to Ushimu.
Under your daughter, my son,
daughter-in-law occupied our city.
In my opinion,
the idea of cleaning this woman's back
I want to stay with you.
I want to see you.
But I'm not sure if I can.
I'm not sure if I can.
Even if I'm a little old,
I'm not any different from this cute girl.
I'm not sure if I can.
But I'm not sure if I can.
Please, take care of yourself.
I'm not sure if I can.
My daughter is ashamed of her heart.
She's not even worthy of the heavens or the earth.
I'm not sure if I can.
But I'm not sure if I can.
Please, take care of yourself.
I'm not sure if I can.
My mother is sad.
She's lost in the darkness.
Please, take care of yourself.
She's crying.
The sun is setting.
The rain is falling.
Please, take care of yourself.
I'm not sure if I can.